the united states have an example of united states technology there
up to now in public schools and to the internet and indispensable in the
there was a special report from the correspondent flávio fachel
seems like an American public school like any other
but in the first interval
just have a look at the students
there are no textbooks in your hands
cutters
this is one of 20 schools in New York that have given up traditional books
using technology to teach
you have only two notebooks with one
backpack and a coat
the project was developed by education specialists
is to help increase the number of students who prove the city
the content was in the books
other teachers' web pages
all actors are connected to the right beam
in biology class eg luís filipe organisms
lead to the discovery of scientists
try to develop a vaccine that could fight against HIV
but it is distraction one year after a trains pass 70
squid confesses
she gets distracted once in a while but if they were solid she says it would be too
boring
with computers
the study is much more interesting
another advantage
yet is online and sometimes to classes not intending people
for example the science teacher has become ill can not come to the
school but that
does not mean that you did not or did not just take a look at the event
Is everyone studying?
naval in note
assisting the execution of the tasks that stimulate the curiosity in the
debate of ideas haiti already had a try that the botequim spnet
the director of face-to-face teaching to carefully teach students now look for the
information on the internet rather than being limited to the book.
students can all the time work session
says scientist shiloh maddox for example books here says her reading sounds
by the way
is compulsory one hour a day at school and several others at home
and the main book adopted in this semester is not full of spike
Who would say
the last moment paulo with him
dominique finds the new school better without textbooks
dividing his time into the computer and video game if the studies he felt
exactly what American specialists in education expect
confident
I feel really ready for the future he says
the feeling that repeats the school that wants to use the virtual world
for shipment of these young beneficiaries